{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The results provide strong evidence that certain socioeconomic factors amplify the effect of low income on police killings. Chi-square tests show highly significant associations between income and poverty, unemployment, and education (all p-values < 0.001), indicating that these factors are not independent. More importantly, the overall distribution reveals that low income alone is insufficient to explain the concentration of incidents. For example, low-income tracts with high poverty account for 26.9% of all police killings, compared to only 3.4% for low-income tracts with low poverty. Similar amplification patterns are observed for unemployment (20.6% vs. 5.2%) and education (21.9% in low-income, low-education tracts vs. only 0.6% in high-income, low-education tracts). These large disparities demonstrate that police killings are most concentrated where multiple disadvantages co-occur. Therefore, the findings suggest a clear compounding effect: low income becomes significantly more impactful when combined with high poverty, high unemployment, or low education, rather than operating as a standalone factor\
}